# OS Fundamentals+++++++++++++++++++++
1. Operating Systems is a software that communicates with the hardware and other programs to run. It can be found in any device including your phone. 
Common OS are Windows, OS X, Linux and MacOS
# Full Stack The Big Picture
Full Stack development is a concept of the application a software engineer try to build as a whole. The project can be so big that a single project can be divided into two things: Front end and back end. Front-end is building code using client side languages and frameworks that only the client can interact with and the Back-end is building code that communicates with servers, databases or other proprietary software that conveys data or information to front end interfaces. Full stack developers do both of these tasks.
# Language Overview
Java is a high-level, compiled, OOP language that is platform independent, has automatic memory management, and has a built-in runtime library that the owner Oracle corporation supports. It is object oriented because it is governed mostly by classes and objects that are built into the language. Classes are the blueprints for how to create objects that contain a certain state - which is represented by fields (variables) - and behavior - which is defined via methods. And Objects are instances of class definitions. So if you have a class that is called Car and that Car has many attributes(variables) like color, brand or type, you can create Car(object) which is an instance to say that specific Car(Object) you are talking about is red, Nissan, and minivan.
Also Java is not 100% OOP because it has 8 primitive values like boolean, byte, short, char, int, long, float, double
Also know that there are syntax(Grammatical errors) (Ex: String message = "Hello; ) and semantic(Meaning)(Ex: int x =5.5) error.
# Compilation Process
    Why C
# JVM, JRE, JDK
Hello World
# Entities of Java
There are three entities of Java. Class, Object and Variable. Variables are a way to store data. For example in algebra, you can make x = 40 and y =123. But in Java, you can make it so that you can make words or other data like words (String s = “Words”). It's useful for identifying things. But be careful, in order to create variables, you need to declare its data type. For example, if you want x = 10, you must say that x is an int(int x=10) which means that it only stores whole numbers or (String s = “Words”) 
Methods are reusable code you created that you can activate whenever you call it. For example, let's say you want to add money to your total savings from your weekly pay and you want to divide it between your budget and your bank account. Insteading constantly writing the algorithm, you can create a method(tool/machine) to do those things. There are two kinds of methods. One that returns something(public int minus(int a, int b) {return a - b;}) after the method is complete and one that returns nothing (Public void sum(int a, int b) {System.out.println(a + b);}). If you just want the method to do a particular task and return nothing, use void as demonstrated in the example but if you want the method to return something, you have to mention the variable type that you are trying to return. Such as int. Java method can only return 1 thing and does not support multi-value returns. To activate a method, you need to use a method call (Ex: minus(5,2)). Calling this will activate the method. If you want the code to perform a task but not return anything, you can just simply use the call method and use void in your method but if you want to return something and save it as a variable, you must declare what your return type is and save it as a data type and a variable. (Ex: int w =sum(1,2))
Classes are blueprints for something much bigger. With a few exceptions, any line of code that you write in Java has to be within a class since it is an object-oriented programming language and classes are blueprints for creating objects. Objects in Java are constructs within a program that represent real world objects. Because real-world objects can have state and behavior, we can define state and behavior for our Java objects as well.
